Copies Atlas CLI commands for release tag: atlascli/v1.40.0 (#947)
mongodb/docs-atlas-cli: source/command/atlas-api-cloudBackups-updateDataProtectionSettings.txt

   * - --version
     - string
     - false

>      - api version to use when calling the api call [options: "2023-10-01"], defaults to the latest version or the profiles api_version config value if set This value defaults to "2023-10-01".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     - API version to use when calling the API call [options: "2023-10-01"]. Defaults to the latest version, "2023-10-01", or the profiles api_version config value if it is set. 
```
